docs(intelligence) Add fetchModel explainer (#5078)
adap/flower: intelligence/docs/source/index.rst

            await main().then().catch();

Pre-loading the model
---------------------

> You might have noticed that the first time you run inference on a given model, you'll have to wait quite a lot for it to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You might have noticed that the first time you run inference on a given model, you'll have to wait longer for it to complete compared to the second time you call the model.
```
